# Othello-Predictor
Reversi is a strategy board game for two players, played on an 8×8 uncheckered board. There are sixty-four identical game pieces called disks (often spelled "discs"), which are light on one side and dark on the other. Players take turns placing disks on the board with their assigned color facing up. During a play, any disks of the opponent's color that are in a straight line and bounded by the disk just placed and another disk of the current player's color are turned over to the current player's color. The object of the game is to have the majority of disks turned to display your color when the last playable empty square is filled. For this program, you will be given a board with both black and white disks already placed on it. You need find the best location to place another white disk, as well as the score (white disks - black disks) that will be result. The first line of input begins with two positive integers n and m, 0 < n + m < 64 separated by a single space. The value of n represents the number of white disks currently on the board, and m represents number of black disks on the board. The next n lines will contain 2 integers separated by a single space, indicating the row and column of a white disk. The remaining m rows will contain 2 integers (again separated by a single space), indicating the row and the column of a black disk. The row and columns are numbered 0 through 7. There will always be at least 1 legal move for white. Your program will output 1 line of 3 integers (each integer separated by a single space). The first two integers represent the row and column where it is best to place a white disk. The last number is the result of that placement shown as the number of total white disks - the total of black disks. If there are several locations where an additional white disk achieves the maximum number of white disks, then output the one with the minimum row number. If there are multiple columns in the smallest row number that result in the maximum number of white disks, then output the smallest such column.
